When we heard that there would be
a special convention in Madagascar,
we were very happy.
We said, “We have to get there!”
We decided to increase
the amount of soap
we make so that we could pay
for the travel to the convention.
We have three children
who are going to be baptized
in Antananarivo.
As a family,
we have worked together to make bricks
so that we can pay the fare
for this special event in our life.
We are looking forward to meeting
brothers and sisters from around the world.
I make earrings, and I sell them.
I will use the money
to attend the convention.
I am very happy.
I make bags made with these voapika beans
to get some money to attend the convention.
This is my pig.
I will sell it
so that I can attend the convention.
I am raising chickens.
I am doing laundry.
Visiting delegates are traveling far
—from nine countries—
to come to Madagascar.
We are taking with us necklaces
and bracelets from South Africa
to give to the brothers
and sisters in Madagascar.
From the very moment that we showed up,
you could just feel the love
from all of the friends.
“Welcome, welcome, welcome!”
was the message we kept getting.
We really enjoyed the tour of the branch.
They also had dancing and wonderful food.
One theme that I saw
with all of the local friends here
was that they
were all smiling from ear to ear.
A lot of energy too
—great, happy energy!
The ministry was incredible.
We had the friends there
right by our side to help us along.
Just seeing Jehovah’s creation
in an area where it’s been untouched
and getting to see some
of the plants and animals
that you can’t see anywhere else in the world
is truly a nice blessing.
Even on our large island,
many people have far to travel.
Some walk on foot for several days.
Many take a bus journey of a few days
to arrive here in Antananarivo.
But everyone is eager to be
at the special convention in Madagascar.
Now, when I think about my three children
who got baptized today,
I feel my heart is full of joy,
and I really thank Jehovah!
We walked for three days
with our congregation,
and then we took a bus.
We arrived safely in Antananarivo
because we did not give up.
We are so happy to be here!
Even though I do not know
all these people from before,
they are Jehovah’s people
and I can get to know them.
I’ve never been in a stadium
with so many people.
Just to see that many people
singing to Jehovah
was quite an experience,
and it made me think:
‘Wow!
This is like a taste of Paradise!’
I have been in the organization
for 47 years now.
This is something
that really makes me happy,
and it encourages me
to see such a great crowd,
which is benefiting greatly
from Jehovah himself.
This is our very first special convention,
and everything has exceeded
all of my expectations!
It makes me think:
‘Wow!
What does Jehovah have in store next?’